Extend mon label to CephStorage nodes during mon migration (#591)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_migrating-mon-from-controller-nodes.adoc

HOST              ADDR           LABELS          STATUS
oc0-ceph-0        192.168.24.14  osd
oc0-ceph-1        192.168.24.7   osd
oc0-ceph-2        192.168.24.8   osd
oc0-controller-0  192.168.24.15  _admin mgr mon
oc0-controller-1  192.168.24.23  _admin mgr mon
oc0-controller-2  192.168.24.13  _admin mgr mon
----

> . Extend the `mon` label to the rest of the Ceph target nodes: it ensures you
>   never lose quorum during the migration process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Extend the `mon` label to the rest of the {Ceph} target nodes to ensure that you never lose quorum during the migration process:
```

Author: Done (thank you :D)
